Improve process streams (#540)
thefrontside/effection: .changes/process-std.md

---
"@effection/process": "minor"
---

> The `stdout` and `stderr` properties now return IoStreams instead of regular streams. Addiotionally, the `buffered` option has been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `stdout` and `stderr` properties now return `OutputStream`s instead of regular streams. Additionally, the `buffered` option has been removed.
```
